Marketplace shipment & inventory management (#182)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/user/features/202108.0/marketplace-inventory-management-feature-overview.md

| --------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Formula: Concrete product availability = Concrete product quantity – Concrete product reservations | Formula: Offer availability = Offer quantity – Offer reservations |

Thus, the algorithm of calculating offer availability is updated, but the algorithm of calculating reservations is preserved.
Offer availability is considered on the Storefront: 

* On the product details page while adding the offer to cart.
* On the cart page: Product stays in the cart if the attached offer is not available anymore and a hint is shown.
* During the checkout: When pressing **Buy now** the availability is checked one more time.

{% info_block infoBox "Example" %}

Let's assume that a merchant has defined quantity 10 for product offer 1. The customer adds 8 items of the product offer 1 to a shopping cart, and later updates the quantity to 12. In such a situation, the availability of the product offer 1 is checked and the customer is notified to update the quantity of the product offer to the available number to proceed with the purchase. 

{% endinfo_block %}

{% info_block warningBox "Developer guides" %}

> Are you a developer? See [Marketplace Inventory Management](/docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/{{ page.version }}/marketplace-inventory-management-feature-walkthrough.html) feature walkthrough <!---LINK--> for developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you a developer? See [Marketplace Inventory Management feature walkthrough](/docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/{{ page.version }}/marketplace-inventory-management-feature-walkthrough.html) <!---LINK--> for developers.
```

---
title: Marketplace Inventory Management feature overview
description: This document contains concept information for the Marketplace Products feature.
template: concept-topic-template
---

> The *Marketplace Inventory Management* feature includes maintaining stock and availability of product offers for sale in the Marketplace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Marketplace Inventory Management* feature includes maintaining stock and availability of merchant products and product offers that are sold in the Marketplace.
```
